Chapter 1: Introduction / Open Technology Programme 2025
1 Introduction
In this Call for proposals information is provided about the application procedure for the Open
Technology Programme 2025 funding round. This Call for proposals falls under the responsibility of the
Dutch Research Council (NWO).
In this Call for proposals you will find information about the aim of this programme (Chapter 2), the
conditions for the grant application (Chapter 3) and how your proposal will be assessed (Chapter 4).
This is the information you need to submit a grant application. Chapter 5 states the obligations for
grant recipients in the event you are awarded funding. Chapter 6 contains the contact details and
Chapter 7 the annexes.
1.1 Background
NWO promotes world-class scientific research. Scientific research – fundamental, applied and practiceoriented research – plays a key role in shaping our society. By conducting independent and reliable
world-class research, researchers push the boundaries of what we know and can do with their
creativity and tenacity.
NWO funds research within four domains: Science, Applied and Engineering Sciences (AES), Social
Sciences and Humanities (SSH) and Medical Sciences (funded via the Netherlands Organisation for
Health Research and Development, ZonMw).
The NWO Domain Applied and Engineering Sciences (NWO Domain AES) promotes applied and
technical-scientific research in close cooperation with public and private users of knowledge to
contribute to a sustainable and inclusive society.
The Open Technology Programme (OTP) falls under the NWO funding line Open Competition. With the
OTP, NWO funds free and unrestricted applied and technical-scientific research within the scope of
NWO Domain AES. The scientific scope of the NWO Domain AES includes (all disciplines of) the
engineering sciences and the application-oriented practice of mathematics, natural sciences, medical
sciences and life sciences.
1.1.1 Changes since the previous Call for proposals
In comparison to the Call for Proposals of OTP 2024, a number of (administrative) changes have been
implemented. These are listed below:
– The conditions in case of early closure of the Call have been clarified (see section 1.2);
– The maximum NWO contribution has been increased to €950,000 (€1,050,000 for projects with an
investment character)(see Section 3.2). The ceiling above which co-funding is mandatory has been
increased to €700,000 (see Section 3.5.6);
– The budget modules have been updated. The NWO domain AES cleanroom regulation has been
discontinued and integrated into the Materials budget module (see Section 3.2);
– All applications are subject to the NWO Co-funding Scheme; this means, among other things, that
cash co-funding is invoiced by the applicant rather than by NWO (see section 3.5.6);
– The deadline for making administration corrections to meet submission requirements has been
shortened from four weeks to three weeks (see section 4.2.2);
– The deadline for submitting the rebuttal has been shortened from ten working days to five
working days (see section 4.2.4);
2
Chapter 1: Introduction / Open Technology Programme 2025
– The definition and role of users has been clarified (see Section 5.1.5).
1.2 Available budget
The total grant ceiling for this Call for proposals is €25,900,000 for applications submitted and
considered in the period between 13 January 2025 up to and including 12 December 2025.
Applications can be submitted on a continuous basis during this period. This budget is subject to the
following allocation rules:
– Applications will be submitted to a jury. Each jury will consider 18 applications in order of receipt,
provided they meet the conditions for submission.
– The grant application period for the first jury opens on 13 January 2025. This period will close once
18 applications eligible for the assessment procedure have been received. This cycle will be
repeated until the last such period closes on 12 December 2025.
– The expectation is that there will be 7 juries. This number may change depending on the amount
of funding to be allocated by each jury. Given the different amounts of funding requested in
applications, it is not possible to set a sub-ceiling for each jury.
– If a jury is considering 18 applications, funding will be awarded to the six highest-ranked
applications (33%) that have been qualified as at least “very good” (score of 3.4 or below, see also
Section 4.2.5). The application must also receive a score of 4.0 or below for each of the separate
assessment criteria.
– If procedural delays warrant this, the number of applications considered by each jury may be more
than, or fewer than, 18. A procedural delay may arise, for example, when not all of the referees’
assessments accompanying an application have been received by the jury in good time. In this
situation, NWO may decide to allow the relevant jury to go ahead with fewer than 18 applications.
The application or applications affected by procedural delays will be carried forward to the next
jury, which as a result will consider more than 18 applications. NWO can decide to subsequently
increase the number of applications considered by this jury, up to a maximum of 21 applications, if
the award rate of 33% results in a non-whole number of applications to be awarded funding.
– The grant ceiling of €25,900,000 is a fixed limit for applications submitted between 13 January
2025 and 12 December 2025. At the moment 90 applications have been submitted, NWO may
decide to close the possibility to submit applications in this Call for proposals before the deadline.
NWO will communicate this through a news release on the funding page of this Call for proposals.
If the Call for proposals is closed early, applications submitted after the moment of closure of this
Call for proposals will not be considered.
– If the grant ceiling has not been reached by 12 December 2025 and the final jury has accepted at
least 6 applications for consideration, but fewer than 18, the final jury will consider these
remaining applications. If there are fewer than 6 applications eligible for consideration by the last
jury, then this jury will not proceed and the applications will be equally allocated across the last
two standard juries, provided that the planning of the juries makes this possible.
In the above cases, where a jury considers more than or fewer than 18 applications, a 33% award rate
may result in a non-whole number. In this case, the number of applications to be awarded funding will
be rounded up to the nearest whole number in favor of the applicants.
If, after the ranking of the proposals, it transpires that there is an ex aequo situation, this may, in
certain cases, entail a departure from the aforementioned funding award rate (see Section 4.2.6: Ex
aequo).
3
Chapter 1: Introduction / Open Technology Programme 2025
1.3 Submission deadline(s)
The opening of this Call for Proposals is valid from 13 January 2025, until 12 December 2025, as long as
the grant ceiling or the maximum number of applications submitted (see section 1.2) has not yet been
reached. Applications can be submitted on a continuous basis subject to the conditions for grant
applications set out in Section 3.
4
Chapter 2: Aim / Open Technology Programme 2025
2 Aim
This chapter describes the aim of the programme and the societal impact.
2.1 Aim of the programme
The Open Technology Programme (OTP) aims to stimulate free and unrestricted applied and technicalscientific research within the scope of the NWO Domain AES. The programme is characterised by the
absence of disciplinary boundaries and promotes research that leads to societal and/or scientific
impact. Researchers can, depending on the nature and objectives of their research, decide for
themselves whether the focus is on scientific impact, societal impact, or a combination of both.
Collaboration with relevant knowledge users from the public and/or private sectors is a key feature of
the OTP, allowing for increased application of research results and impact opportunities. The OTP is
specifically intended for research activities and is not intended for applications predominantly focus on
other activities, such as investments, contract research or clinical trials.
2.2 Societal impact
New knowledge and insights from scientific research can make an important contribution to
developing solutions for the various issues society faces, including, amongst other things, the energy
transition, health and care, or climate change. By facilitating greater interaction and alignment
between researchers and potential knowledge users, the chance of knowledge utilisation increases, as
well as the likelihood of generating societal impact. Societal impact here stands for changes that
(partly) result from research-generated knowledge and skills. These changes contribute to the wellbeing of people, planet and society for this and future generations. Through its policy on impact, NWO
promotes the potential contribution that research can make to societal issues by encouraging
productive interactions with societal stakeholders, both during the development stage and the
subsequent implementation of research. It does so in a manner that is in accordance with the aim of
the particular funding instrument. NWO encourages researchers to reflect on the potential desired and
undesired impact of their research from a broad perspective.
2.2.1 Tailor-made impact
The primary aim of the funding instrument determines the method that NWO will deploy to facilitate
knowledge utilisation in various phases of the project (proposal, realisation, project completion) as
well as the effort required from the applicant(s) and partner(s).
In this programme, the Impact Outlook approach is applied. This means that applicants have the
freedom to decide whether they want to focus on scientific impact, societal impact, or a combination
of both. The applicant then looks at the expected contribution to the other form of impact in a
balanced way, depending on the chosen focus. The following section discusses in more detail the
expectations and approach that applicants should take within the OTP.
NWO offers an e-learning module that can help interested parties via Online impact workshops |
NWO. For more information on our policy on impact, please visit the website: Knowledge utilisation |
NWO.
5
Chapter 2: Aim / Open Technology Programme 2025
2.2.2 Impact approach in the OTP
Applicants should clearly motivate in the application form which type of impact -scientific, societal, or
a combination of both- will be leading in the proposed research. In addition, applicants are expected to
draw up a strategy and phased plan describing how the intended impact will be integrated into the
research design, and the role of the users involved to maximise foreseen and unforeseen opportunities
for impact (see also section 5.1.5 User committee).
While applicants have the freedom of choice to place an emphasis on societal impact, scientific impact,
or a combination of both, NWO also expects consideration to be given to opportunities for the type of
impact that is not the primary focus. This may involve the applicant explaining in the proposal how
opportunities for the non-primarily chosen type of impact will be taken up by other stakeholders,
and/or describing what role the applicant itself plays in enabling these opportunities. If the applicant
chooses to focus on both forms of impact (both scientific and societal impact), he/she should address
both forms in the proposal. It is not necessary to place equal emphasis on both forms of impact, as
long as it is clearly explained how both forms of impact are contributed to (see also section 4.3
Criteria).
6
Chapter 3: Conditions for applicants / Open Technology Programme 2025
3 Conditions for applicants
This chapter contains the conditions that are applicable to your grant application. Firstly it describes
who can apply for funding (Section 3.1) and what you can request funding for (Section 3.2).
Subsequently, you will find the conditions for preparing and submitting the application (Sections 3.3
and 3.4) and the specific funding conditions (Section 3.5).
3.1 Who can apply
Researchers may submit an application if they have a tenured position (and therefore a paid position
for an indefinite period) or a tenure track agreement at one of the following research organisations:
− Universities as referred to in Article 1.8 paragraph 1 of the Higher Education and Scientific
Research Act and universities listed in the Policy Rules for Universities located in the Kingdom of
the Netherlands;
− university medical centres by which is meant academic hospitals as referred to in Article 1.13
paragraph 1 of the Higher Education and Scientific Research Act;
− institutes affiliated to the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW) or NWO;
− Netherlands Cancer Institute;
− the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics in Nijmegen;
− Naturalis Biodiversity Center;
− Advanced Research Centre for NanoLithography (ARCNL);
− Princess Máxima Center.
Persons with a zero-hour employment agreement or with a contract for a limited period of time (other
than a tenure track appointment) may not submit a proposal.
It could be the case that the applicant’s tenure track agreement ends before the intended completion
date of the project for which funding is applied for, or that before that date, the applicant’s tenured
contract ends due to the applicant reaching retirement age. In that case, the applicant needs to include
a statement from their employer in which the research organisation concerned guarantees that the
project and all project members for whom funding has been requested will receive adequate
supervision for the full duration of the project.
Applicants with a part-time contract should guarantee adequate supervision of the project and all
project members for whom funding is requested.
3.1.1 Main and co-applicants
The main applicant submits the proposal via the NWO web application ISAAC. During the assessment
process, NWO will communicate with the main applicant.
After a proposal has been awarded funding, the main applicant will become the project leader and
point of contact for NWO. The research organisation of the main applicant is the main beneficiary and
will become the official secretary.
Co-applicants have an active role in realising the project. The (sub)project leaders and
beneficiary/beneficiaries are jointly responsible for realising the entire project.
7
Chapter 3: Conditions for applicants / Open Technology Programme 2025
3.2 What can be applied for
Per project, a grant amount of at most €950,000 can be applied for. For projects with an investment
character, where more than €150,000 in investments are requested, a maximum of €1,050,000 can be
applied for. For both projects with and without an investment character co-funding is required if the
total project costs exceed €700,000 (see also Section 3.5.6. Co-funding). The maximum duration of the
proposed project is 6 year. The applicant and co-applicants can include costs for personnel, equipment,
investments and knowledge utilisation. The available budget modules (including the maximum
amounts) are listed below. Apply only for funding that is vital to realise the project. The rates and an
explanation of these budget modules are given in annex 7.1.
Budget module Maximum amount
PhD student No limit on the number of positions, according to the latest
UNL rates or NFU rates
Engineering Doctorate (EngD) No limit on the number of positions, in combination with PhD
student(s) and/or postdoc(s), according to the latest UNL rates
or NFU rates
Postdoc No limit on the number of positions, according to the latest
UNL rates or NFU rates
Physician-researcher No limit on the number of positions, according to the latest
NFU rates
Students No limit on the number of positions, according to the
university’s usual internship fee of the university (as part of the
curriculum) or HOT table 2 scale 1 (as student assistant)
Non-scientific personnel (NWP) No limit on the number of positions, according to the latest
UNL rates or NFU rates
Scientific personnel at a research
organisation abroad
Maximum 50% of the grant amount, according to the latest
UNL rates adjusted for the country correction coefficients
Material Maximum 60% of the grant amount allocated for personnel
costs;
Maximum 50% of the grant amount for materials for research
organisations abroad
Investments Maximum €500,000
Knowledge utilisation Maximum 5% of the grant amount;
Maximum 50% of the grant amount for knowledge utilisation
for research organisations abroad
3.2.1 Personnel
Funding may be requested for salary costs of personnel contributing to the project. The amount
depends on the type of appointment and the organisation where the personnel is employed.
8
Chapter 3: Conditions for applicants / Open Technology Programme 2025
3.2.1.1 Personnel at a university in the Kingdom of the Netherlands, umc or a research organisation
For personnel working at a university in the Kingdom of the Netherlands, university medical centre
(umc) or another research organisation, as referred to in Article 1.1, first paragraph, subparagraphs c
to h of the NWO Grant Rules salary costs can be claimed for the following positions: PhD student,
Engineering Doctorate, postdoc, physician-researcher and non-scientific personnel (NWP).
Funding for the Engineering Doctorate (EngD) position or can only be applied for if funding for a PhD
student or postdoc is also applied for.
3.2.1.2 Students
It is possible to engage students in the project if they are studying at a research organisation as
referred to in Section 3.1. You can enter the costs of this as material costs within the project. There is
no maximum on the number of students who can participate in the project.
3.2.1.3 Scientific personnel at a research organisation abroad
It is possible to claim salary costs for scientific personnel from foreign research organisations.
A maximum of 50% of the grant amount can be requested for personnel at research organisations
abroad.
3.2.2 Material
Funding may be requested for all project-specific material costs. These costs are subject to a maximum
of 60% of the grant amount allocated for personnel costs. A maximum of 50% of the grant amount for
material costs can be requested for research organisations abroad.
3.2.3 Investments
Funding may be requested for investments in equipment, infrastructure and other research resources
that have economic value or can be reused after the project ends. Salary costs of personnel who put
the equipment, infrastructure and other research resources in a state of readiness can be claimed as
part of the investments. The rates and conditions of Personnel apply here and the costs should be
claimed as Investments. Investments can only be made at research organisations listed in Section 3.1.
A maximum of €500,000 can be applied for investments.
3.2.4 Knowledge utilisation
Funding can be requested for activities that promote the use of knowledge from the research,1
in
order to increase the societal impact of the research.
A maximum of 5% of the grant amount can be used for this module. A maximum of 50% of the grant
amount for knowledge utilisation can be applied for research organisations abroad. It is not
mandatory to make use of this module.
1 All activities applied for under this budget module must fit within the definition of "Knowledge Transfer Activities" used by the European
Commission in the Framework for State Aid for Research, Development and Innovation (OJEU 2022, C 414).
9
Chapter 3: Conditions for applicants / Open Technology Programme 2025
3.3 Preparing an application
The steps involved in writing your application are:
− download the application form from the NWO web application ISAAC or from the NWO web page
(on the grant page of the funding instrument concerned);
− complete the application form;
− save the application form in ISAAC as a PDF file and upload it with any compulsory annexes;
− fill in the requested information online in ISAAC.
Compulsory annexes:
– budget: always compulsory;
– statement and signature main applicant: always compulsory;
– declaration co-funding: compulsory if co-funding is involved;
– statement appointment and project supervision: compulsory if the applicant’s appointment does
not cover the entire duration of the project (e.g., in the case of a tenure-track agreement);
– motivation for resubmission: compulsory if the application is a resubmission of an application that
was rejected in a previous OTP assessment procedure (see Section 3.5.7).
The appendix must be drawn up in accordance with the template provided by NWO. Annexes must be
uploaded in ISAAC separately from the application. The budget must be submitted in ISAAC as an Excel
file. All of the other annexes, except for the budget, must be submitted as PDF files (without
encryption). Any annexes other than those stated above are not permitted.
You must write your application in English.
An application can only be submitted via the web application ISAAC. Applications that are not
submitted via ISAAC will not be taken into consideration.
As the main applicant, you are required to submit the application via your own personal ISAAC
account.
It is important to start with your application in ISAAC on time:
− if you do not yet have an ISAAC account, then you should create this on time to prevent any
possible registration problems;
− any new research organisations must also be added to ISAAC by NWO;
− you also need to submit other details online.
Applications submitted after the deadline will not be taken into consideration by NWO.
For technical questions, please contact the ISAAC helpdesk, see contact (Chapter 6).
Applicants are expected to have informed the research organisation where they work about submitting
the application and that the research organisation accepts the grant conditions of this Call for
proposals.
10
Chapter 3: Conditions for applicants / Open Technology Programme 2025
3.3.1 Advice about substantive suitability
For this Call for proposals, your application must fit in the scientific scope of the NWO Domain
AES.Therefore, please consider well ahead of time whether your application meets the substantive
criteria. In the event of any doubt, for instance because your application (partly) encompasses various
domains and/or has a ZonMw character, then please get in touch with the contact person for this
programme well in advance of the deadline. This person can advise you about the substantive
connection between your application and this Call for proposals. Please note that the final choice is
yours. For contact details please see Section 6.1.1.
3.4 Conditions for submission
3.4.1 Formal conditions for submission
NWO will assess your application against all the conditions set out in this Call for proposals, including
the conditions listed below. Your application will only be admitted to the assessment procedure if it
meets these conditions. After submitting your application, NWO requests you to be available to
implement any possible administrative corrections so that you can (still) meet the conditions for
submission.
These conditions are:
− the main applicant and co-applicant meet the conditions stated in Section 3.1;
− the application complies with the DORA guidelines as described in Section 4.1;
− the application is submitted via the main applicant’s ISAAC account;
− the application is received before the deadline;
− the application is written in English;
− the application form must include at least four users, at least two of whom are non-academic
users, who will participate in the user committee (see also Section 5.1.5 User committee);
− the application budget is drawn according to the terms of this Call for proposals (using the format
made available which includes the most recent rates);
− the proposed project has a duration of maximum 6 years;
All required annexes, after a possible request for additions or changes, have been completed and
submitted completely and according to the instructions and in accordance with the terms of this Call
for proposals.
3.5 Conditions on granting
The NWO Grant Rules and the Agreement on the Payment of Costs for Scientific Research are
applicable to all applications.
3.5.1 Compliance with the National Knowledge Security Guidelines
World-class science can benefit from international cooperation. The National Knowledge Security
Guidelines (hereafter: the Guidelines) helps knowledge institutions to ensure that international
cooperation can take place securely. Knowledge security concerns the undesirable transfer of sensitive
knowledge and technology that compromises national security; the covert influence of state actors on
education and research, which jeopardises academic freedom and social safety; and ethical issues that
may arise in cooperation with countries that do not respect fundamental rights.
Applicants are responsible for ensuring that their project complies and will continue to comply with
the Guidelines. By submitting an application, the applicant commits to the recommendations 
11
Chapter 3: Conditions for applicants / Open Technology Programme 2025
stipulated in these Guidelines. In the event of a suspected breach of the Guidelines in an application
submitted to NWO for project funding, or in a project funded by NWO, NWO may ask the applicant to
provide a risk assessment demonstrating that the recommendations in the Guidelines have been taken
into consideration. If the applicant fails to comply with NWO’s request, or if the risk assessment is in
apparent breach of the Guidelines, this may affect NWO’s grant award or decision-making process.
NWO may also include further conditions in the award letter if appropriate.
The National Knowledge Security Guidelines can be found on the central government website at:
Home | National Contact Point for Knowledge Security (loketkennisveiligheid.nl).
3.5.2 Data management
The results of scientific research must be replicable, verifiable and falsifiable. In the digital age, this
means that, in addition to publications, research data must also be publicly accessible insofar as this is
possible. NWO expects that research data resulting from NWO-funded projects will be made publicly
available, as much as possible, for reuse by other researchers. “As open as possible, as closed as
necessary” is the applicable principle in this respect. Researchers, at very least, are expected to make
the data and/or non-numerical results that underlie the conclusions of the published work resulting
from the project publicly available at the same time as the work’s publication. Any costs incurred for
this can be included in the project budget. Researchers should explain how data emerging from the
project will be dealt with based on the data management section in the proposal and the data
management plan that is drawn up after funding is awarded.
Data management section
The data management section is part of the proposal. Researchers are asked before the start of the
research to consider how the data collected will be ordered and categorised so that this can be made
publicly available. Measures will often already need to be taken, both during data generation and as
part of analysing the data, to make its subsequent storage and dissemination possible. If it is not
possible to make all data from the project publicly available, for example due to reasons of privacy,
ethics or valorisation, then the applicant is obliged to list the reasons for this in the data management
section.
The data management section in the proposal is not evaluated and will therefore not be weighed in
the decision whether to award funding. However, both the referees and the jury can issue advice with
respect to the data management section.
3.5.3 Scientific integrity
In accordance with the NWO Grant Rules, the project that NWO funds must be carried out in
accordance with the nationally and internationally accepted standards for scientific conduct as stated
in the Netherlands Code of Conduct for Research Integrity (2018). By submitting the proposal, the
applicant commits to this code. In the case of a (possible) violation of these standards during a project
funded by NWO, the applicant should immediately inform NWO of this and should submit all relevant
documents to NWO. More information about the code of conduct and the policy regarding research
integrity can be found on the website: Scientific integrity | NWO.
12
Chapter 3: Conditions for applicants / Open Technology Programme 2025
3.5.4 Ethical statement or licence
The applicant is responsible for determining whether an ethical statement or licence is needed for the
realisation of the proposed project. The applicant should ensure that this is obtained from the relevant
institution or ethics committee on time. The absence or presence of an ethical statement or licence at
the time of the application process has no effect on the assessment of the application. If the project is
awarded funding, then the grant is issued under the condition that the necessary ethical statement or
licence is obtained before the latest start date for the project. The project cannot start until NWO has
received a copy of the ethical statement or licence.
3.5.5 Nagoya Protocol
The Nagoya Protocol ensures an honest and reasonable distribution of benefits emerging from the use
of genetic resources (Access and Benefit Sharing; ABS). Researchers who make use of genetic sources
from the Netherlands or abroad for their research should familiarise themselves with the Nagoya
Protocol (Home - ABS Focal Point). NWO assumes that researchers will take all necessary actions with
respect to the Nagoya Protocol.
3.5.6 Co-funding
All applications are subject to the Co-funding Scheme.
Additional definitions:
− Co-funding in kind: capitalised personnel and/or material contributions from users;
− Co-funding in cash is used to cover part of the total project costs and together with the grant
provided by NWO constitutes the required financial resources.
− Total project costs: the sum of the grant amount provided by NWO, co-funding in cash and cofunding in kind.
Co-funding is mandatory in this Call for proposals if the total project costs exceed €700,000. A
distinction is made between co-funding in cash (to be invoiced by the applicant), which serves to cover
the budget of the project activities described in the proposal, and co-funding in kind, which may
consist of personnel and/or material contributions from the organisations involved.
Co-funding requirement
The co-funding requirement stated in this Call for proposals is a minimum required contribution.
The minimum required co-funding is 25% of the project costs above €700,000, with no distinction
between co-funding in cash or in kind.
The following principles apply to co-funding:
− NWO is the main funder of an application. Applications of which the co-funding from co-funders
exceeds 49% of the total project costs will not be taken into consideration;
− Co-funding in cash, is the net amount paid by a co-funder to the applicant. The applicant invoices
co-funding in cash and, if applicable, VAT to the co-funder.
Not eligible as co-funding in cash are:
− Grant provided by NWO;
− Co-funding may not come from parties that according to this Call for proposals can apply for
funding to NWO.
Not eligible as co-funding in kind are:
− Ineligible co-funding in kind is described in the Co-funding Scheme;
13
Chapter 3: Conditions for applicants / Open Technology Programme 2025
− In addition, co-funding may not come from parties that according to this Call for proposals can
apply for funding to NWO.
Co-funding declaration of participating co-funders
In a co-funding declaration the co-funder expresses financial support for the project and confirms the
co-funding promised. Co-funding declarations from co-funders, which are mentioned in the
application, are compulsory as attachments when submitting the proposal. The co-funding declaration
must be signed by an authorised signatory of the co-funder. NWO provides a compulsory format for
the co-funding declaration on the funding page of this Call for proposals on the NWO website and in
ISAAC.
If the application is awarded, the co-funder must confirm its contribution(s) in the consortium
agreement. This agreement also contains further agreements between the co-funder(s) and the
applicant(s) (see Section 5.1.3).
Justification co-funding in cash and in kind
The ratio of co-funding (both in cash and in kind) to the grant provided by NWO in this Call for
proposals, applies from submission of an application until the grant is determined. Co-funding in cash
affects the grant amount provided by NWO because both NWO's contribution and co-funding in cash
are used for the same project-specific costs (unlike co-funding in kind).
One-off indexing due to other applicable rates after submission does not affect the ratio and cofinancing requirement for the NWO contribution. For this, NWO assumes the ratio in the application
budgets accepted by NWO.
After determination of a project the final grant amount is settled on the basis of the final report, the
financial conditions and the co-funding ratio as present in the application budget.
In case of partly provided co-funding in cash (due to unforeseen circumstances, such as bankruptcy)
NWO's contribution is based on the original grant award, taking into account the co-funding in cash
that was provided and the applicable minimum co-funding requirement, if applicable.
Co-funding in cash in excess of the co-funding requirement affects the applied ratio of co-funding to
grant provided by NWO. If a project has co-funding in cash in excess of the co-funding requirement and
partial in cash co-funding has been provided at determination, the NWO contribution is never more
than the original contribution from the grant award. The ratio of the NWO contribution is then at most
the contribution that follows from the co-funding requirement.
At all times NWO must be notified of problems in expected co-funding (in cash and/or in kind). In
addition to financial implications for a project, NWO may also require adequate changes to a project as
a change request so that research can be continued to the best of its ability.
3.5.7 Resubmission of previously rejected applications
Applications rejected in a previous OTP assessment procedure cannot be resubmitted until six months
after the date of the rejection decision.
14
Chapter 3: Conditions for applicants / Open Technology Programme 2025
In case of resubmission after this period, the requirement is that parts of criterion 1) ‘Scientific quality’
and/or criterion 2) ‘Impact’ have been adjusted. The previous referee comments may serve as a
guideline for the adaptation. When submitting the application, the applicant should include a
motivation (in Dutch or in English) in which the adjustments made are explained. The form ‘Statement
and signature main applicant’ should indicate that it is a resubmission.